<h2>Balance</h2>
<p>I wanted to apply balance into my webpage by keeping the styles and alignment the same throughout the entire webpage. I encountered some difficulty with the balance of my pages 2 and 3 as my art's aspect ratios were all different, however I do think that having the left/right margins did a good job with keeping the webpage's balance cohesive. I knew I wanted to have a dark background for my gallery, so making sure all of my text was contrasting enough was a must for this project. </p>
<br>
<h2>Final Design</h2>
<p>I think my final design actually came out better than I expected. Using knowledge I had learned from my previous coding classes, I started early on figuring out custom css and figured out how to create a bootstrap navigation bar, which was exciting to figure out and see it actually work on my livesite. I did however have some difficulties figuring out how to link my page2-3 with the rest of the webpage; using a "pages" folder to organize my pages lead to broken links when I tried to attach them to my index, and the bootstrap navigation bar refused to work entirely when I tried applying them to my pages2-3 when they were organized in a folder. I probably just overlooked a major step in the directory managing and linking, or bootstrap has a different way of linking htmls in different folders, even though it grabs from my "images" and "styles" folder just fine. </p>
<p>I also wanted to include a longer gallery of images, including a 2022 gallery, however I realized too late that the dates logged into my art were incorrect (many of them said they were made in 2024, when they were in fact published in 2023 and before), so I decided to downsize the project and pick out four pieces from 2024 and 2023 that I liked the most. I think this was the best decision, as I'm still pretty new to coding and having to balance more than four images could have been overwhelming for me.
<br>
<h2>Specific difficulties</h2>
<p>Taking up on the challenge of using float and margins, I did have some difficulty figuring out where the style tags were supposed to go inside the img srcs. I feel like my solution to write the margin and floats individually as needed for each image isn't optimized, however I was happy to figure out how to get two images to show side by side by using float:left and float:right in a pattern. I think I could have also figured out how to automate my galleries using the css bootstrap grid or table system to better create the unified look I wanted, however doing it manually wasn't too much of a hassle once I figured out how to use class and style tags correctly.