<h2>Assignment Answers</h2>

<h4>
  1. A Web Browser functions by using several different components in tandem with each other, using a programming language called Javascript. While each browser has its own Javascript interpretor, Javascript is the universal language that browsers use to read HTML files and code within webpages. How we view a web browser's graphics is from the browser's "Rendering Engine", which reads a webpage's HTML code and its unique CSS code to know how to organize the visuals and interactions inside a webpage. We can interact with a webpage using the browser's "User Interface" , which usually includes graphics such as a URL's web address, a refresh page button, and a "back" and "forward" buttons that help returning to previous histroy within a single tab of the browser. A browser's "Browser Engine" is the main communication between the working elements of the functions, allowing the user interface to send info and requests to the rendering engine and vice versa, as well as connecting to other server networks of the internet. The Browser Engine is connected to the network of servers that make up the interenet and retrieves the necessary code to send to the rendering engine.

  2. A Document Object Model is what a browser's Rendering Engine will use in figuring out how to organize and show a webpage's visual graphics. The DOM itself is an object tree based off the original HTML document. The DOM is not the original HTML source, but a visual guide for several programs, breaking down the individual code of the HTML into "nodes" that indicate what code is which. These "nodes" are broken up using Markup Language, styles, and interactive scripts. The DOM is part of what the "Render tree" within the Rendering engine reads to produce the visual graphics of a webpage, but the DOM also includes information that will be excluded from the webpage visibly.

  3. HTML is a rendering Markup Language, where after implimenting there can be additional information added to customize how a webpage is rendered, such as including a CSS style sheet or customized scripts. Where HTML displays the original document's nodes, XML is a language that is used to describe the nodes, and is often used to define specific tags within a document. XML cannot render a webpage; it uses plain-text that describes the document nodes individually, making it a compliment to HTML but not a replacement. XHTML is nearly identical to HTML but tries to marry both HTML and XML in a way that uses best of both programming languages. XHTML specializes in places that HTML tends to lack due to its general and all-encompassing nature; specifically in HTML's drawbacks in mobile integration. However, due to the inclusion of XML, XHTML requires much more time to write a webpage with. 
  4.  Every HTML needs:
     
</h4>
